Buggrättningar och nya features (#196)
Forsakringskassan/docs-generator: docs/markdown/api/vue.md

For details about how to document Vue components see [vue-docgen-api documentation](https://vue-styleguidist.github.io/docs/Documenting.html).

Translations can be generated with:

```md
:::api
translation:AwesomeComponent
:::
```

Calls to `$t()` will be read from the source component.

> If the call has a leading jsdoc-style comment it is used as the description of the translation, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the call has a leading jsdoc-style comment it is used as the description of the translation, for example:
```
